My mother works 15 hours 5 days a week
My mother works 16 hours 6 days a week
My mother works 17 hours 7 days a week
The best way to scare a torie is to read and get rich
I know nothing, I'm just sitting here looking at pretty colours
Mother fucker
My mother works 15 hours 5 days a week
My mother works 16 hours 6 days a week
My mother works 17 hours 7 days a week
The best way to scare a torie is to read and get rich
I know nothing, I'm just sitting here looking at pretty colours
Mother fucker
Sexual violence doesn't start and end with rape
It starts in our books and behind our school gates
Men are scared women will laugh in their face
Whereas women are scared it's their lives men will take
Mother fucker